Week 1

We had our first team meeting and discussed about the main features which we need to work on.
And we discussed about the roles. I am responsible for the front end development with Nan Zhao.

Next week we are going to work on the proposal based on the discussion content.

Week 2

I have created the software architecture part using draw.io, and created the system modules and flow chart on paper,
which is implemented by Nan Zhao.

week 3

redraw the software architecture part and add the explaination of front end techiques
Next week plan: start code the static pages, login, sign up.

week 4

I have coded the landing page, register page, login lage, and created project page and
realated frontend logics by using React and Redux for dreamers and collaborators.
Design the ui of projectLists page

week 5

I have implemented the search function in projectList pages which allows the user to search the project they want,
also implemented the create role page and projectlist pages.
Implement the project details page and dreamer dashboard, and create roles page.
Use the api from the backend to render data


week 6

I have implemented the dashboard layout and the diferent kind of events such as onclick and hover logices,
whats more, I have implemented the recommendation pages and the profile pages using the data from backend.
I have created the project details pages by using link method. 
Add invitation function.



week 7
implemented the dashboard,recommendation pages,personal info pages,and invited/apply modals for collaborators and dreamers.
implemented the page through using api provided by the backend.
design the layout and css part.
implemented the link between each pages.
add protected route for dashboard.


week 8
implemented the comment area and add reply functions to let user communication.
add follow, unfllow, finish function for both collaborators and dreamers.
attend all the meeting in times.
finish all features in frontend.


week 9
fixed bugs of our software and improve user feeling when using our software

