Week 1
Group formed and we selected "Dream Match Maker" as our project. We talked about the details about the project description. 
Jobs were allocated. I will be in charge for front end developing with Keyu Yang. I learnt some react development this week.

Week 2
Start working on project proposal. I am working on drawing the flow diagram using draw.io with the paper prototype provided by Keyu.

Week 3
I helped to finalize the project proposal by explanning the flow diagram. Start building the front-end with materializecss CSS with Keyu. 

Week 4
I am building the front-end part of the project with Keyu. I build some static parts include addRoleProject.js, createProject.js. 

Week 5
Build the project details with Keyu. Comments function is added into project detail page. I also build the admin's page which is for 
administractor to view, hide, and unhide projects. Start to build dashboard for collaborators.

Week 6
Continue to build collaborator's dashboard. Recommended projects can be viewed correctly, which meet the user story in sprint 2. 
However, receiving invitation function is stacked due to backend bug. Static page is created though.

Week 7
Continue building the front-end with Keyu. The discussion function is fully functional. Upload and download resume function is working well.
We also add some protection routes. The sprint 3 is funished.

Week 8
Functionality implementation: Hide/reveal button in administrator's page; Collaborator can update his/her information.
User expereince enhancement: finished projects should not be modified; Projects are classified into 3 categorys in administrator's page:
active projects, hidden projects, and modifed projects after hidden.
Fixed some bugs: Token lost when collaborator search for projects that match his/her skills and education levels.

Next week I will continue to improve user experience and fix bugs.

Week 9
Fixed some bugs: No projects information shown after the collaborator searching the matched projects and then searching for the projects again;
Search bar deleted on dashboards;
User experience enhancement: Follow/unfollow button update: If a user already follow a project, the project details page will show "unfollow" button.
Enhance some user experience features.

Week 10
Feature added: Admin can view project details by "more info" button.

