Week 1

1. Group formed and joined in the Jira project management system.
2. Joined in online collaboration documentation work.
3. Took part in the online group discussion about our project.
4. Together with my teammates, we had the first online meeting on Friday and went through the main functions of the project based on our own understanding.

Next week plan: 
1.we planned to start the proposal from user stories which had been discussed during the meeting.


Week 2

1. collaborated with teammates to complete the user story.
2. added in the backgroud, obejectives, user story analysis part for the proposal.
3. Join in the group discussion for the project requirements.
4. Took part in the online zoom group meeting to go through the whole prosoal document.
5. I wrote down the first version of the tables design for our database system for further refining.

next week plan: 
1. Further modify to perfect the related user story and user story analysis part;
2. Formating the draft version of proposal and prepare the final version to submit!

Week 3

1. Further modify to pecfect the comparing with current existing system part of backgroud, user story and user story analysis part;
2. Reorgaine the explaination part for the interface and flow diagram part;
3. formatted the first version of the proposal and collaborate with teammates to refine the format and content of the proposal;
4. Working with teammates to generate the final version of the proposal;
t5. ook part in the onlining zoom meeting to go through the original database table design to generate first version of it;

Next week plan:
1. Create the database system based on the analysis; 
2. Start the coding part for print1;

Week 4
1. Collaborate with teammate for database system creation;
2. Initiate and compelete the Restful API design;
3. took part in online discussion about system detail design;
4. start to write backend API program project query and project list query part;

Next week plan:
1. Collaborate to complete the backend part for print1;
2. Get prepared for the first demo on wednesday;

week 5
1. check and get familiar with the whole system and applications;
2. prepare for the first demo on wednesday;
3. participate the online meeting for the projects progress and prepare for first demo;
4. complete backend coding SF-29 and SF-30 recommendation functions of sprint2;
5. add search by projectid + skill type function;

Next week plan:
1. start print2 part as planed;
2. coding for satistic function for dreamer SF-64 and collaborator SF-66 ;
3. hold retrospect meeting with team;

week 6
1. complete satistic function for dreamer SF-64 and collaborator SF-66 and finishing a project function;
2. complete dreamer approve an application SF-55；
3. complete collaborator accept/decline an invitation SF-70;
4. add get_by_id function for Invitation;
5. took part in the retrospect meeting with teammates， do summerization and draft a retrospective report;

Next week plan:
1. Get done for sprint2;
2. generate a formal version of retrospect report;
3. start coding part for sprint3;

week 7
1. complete sprint3 SF-32 update a project general info function;
2. complete sprint3 SF-33 follow/unfollow a project function;
3. complete sprint3 SF-34 finish a project which completed with statistic functions in sprint2;
4. complete sprint3 SF-37 view all discussion about my project;
5. complete sprint3 SF-38 view all discussion about my followed projects;
6. add new required function: collaborator collaborated projects query, collaborator applied applications query, dreamer delcine an applicant function; 

Next week plan:
1. complete coding for sprint3;
2. start coding for sprint4;

week 8
1. collarate to update database table and code updating to adapt multiple skills for one role issue;
2. complete backend code for SF-39 admin hide unsuitable project and SF-42 unhide a project after modified;
3. complete code updating for SF-41 patch a project;
4. support frontend for testing and issue fixing;
5. with teammates got ready for demo2 on wednesday;
6. finish backend coding for sprint4 before the end of this week;
7. online retrospect meeting2 and prepare for the report;

Next week plan:
1. support frontend for testing and issue fixing is any;
2. start to prepare final report for the whole project;

week 9
1. complete email sending function for hide/unhide function;
2. do funnctional and integration test, highlight the questions during testing and issue fixing;
3. drafting the final report;
4. work with team to clear the invalidate data in database;
5. Prepared for code submission for the whole project;

Next week plan:
1. review with team for formal version final report;
2. clean database tables and upload valid data in system;
4. prepare for final demo;

week 10
1. Prepare the draft version of final report and had meeting with team to do further discussion;
2. Review the report with team for prepare for the final report;
3. Online testing and issue fixing；
4. Prepare for the final demo;
5. database cleaning and reloading data;







  
